You don't have to create an object using object literal notation.
You can also write a function that will return an object.
However, one of the main ways that objects are created is with a constructor function.
A constructor function is similar to a function that returns an object,
but there are a few major differences.
For one, a constructor functions starts with a capital letter.
A constructor function must always be called with a special new keyword.
And another major difference is that while a regular function must create
the object it's going to return and modify that object directly,
the constructor function has its object created automatically.
Then, to add properties or methods of this object,
you have to use a special "this" keyword.